Larry,
 
Imagine a world where you can explore the UK’s top 32 attractions and get 3 FREE Extra months to enjoy them! Buy your Merlin Annual Pass today and let your adventures begin.
 
BUY NOW >
 
Keep scrolling down to see the AMAZING attractions you can enjoy with a Merlin Annual Pass...
 
SALE ENDS 3rd Dec 2018.
 

 
32 incredible attractions
 
EXPLORE OUR ATTRACTIONS
 
EXPLORE OUR ATTRACTIONS
 

Terms & Conditions
Subject to availability. Offer is valid from 00:01 on 1st November 2018 – 23:59 on 3rd December 2018. ‘3 free extra months’ is based on the 12 month (full payment, paid upfront) product, offering 15 months validity from the date of purchase. Pass is validated upon purchase and online orders will be delivered in 3-5 working days. Offer is only available on New Standard and Premium Merlin Annual Passes on both the family and individual rates. ‘From £109’ is based on the family renewal rate on the Standard Merlin Annual Pass. £60 saving is based on the discount on the Premium Individual Merlin Annual Pass. No discount of additional added value on renewal products for the Standard or Premium Merlin Annual Passes. 

For full price range and further information, please visit https://www.merlinannualpass.co.uk/compare-passes/new-passes. Merlin Entertainments reserves the right to remove this offer at any time. It is not valid in conjunction with any other offer. Admission fee cost will be deducted when purchasing a new Merlin Annual Pass on the same day the ticket was purchased. Some events and secondary activities are not included in both the Standard and Premium Passes. For a full list of Merlin Annual Pass Terms & Conditions, please visit www.merlinannualpass.co.uk/terms. Prices subject to change at any time. 

© 2001 & TM Julia Donaldson/Axel Scheffler. Licensed by Magic Light Pictures Ltd. © Orange Eyes Ltd. 2012.

LEGO, the LEGO logo, the Brick and Knob configurations, the Minifigure, DUPLO and LEGOLAND are trademarks of the LEGO Group. ©2018 The LEGO Group. 

Conceived and designed by Marks Barfield Architects. ‘Coca-Cola’, the Dynamic Ribbon Device and the design of the ‘Coca-Cola Contour Bottle’ are registered trademarks of The Coca-Cola Company 

DreamWorks Shrek © 2018 DreamWorks Animation L.L.C. All Rights Reserved 

© Merlin Entertainments 2018 

We hate to say goodbye, but if you don’t want to nts, please click here to unsubscribe. 


